docs(contributing): explain how to write a pull (#601)
DisnakeDev/disnake: CONTRIBUTING.md

If the bug report is missing this information then it'll take us longer to fix the issue. We will probably ask for clarification, and barring that if no response was given then the issue will be closed.

## Creating a Pull Request

> Submitting a pull request is fairly simple, just make sure it focuses on a single aspect and doesn't manage to have scope creep and it's probably good to go.

Reviewer: This feels weird, you've changed Submitting -> Creating above, but are then using Submitting again here? It would be better to stick to one or the other.

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

### Formatting

> It would be incredibly lovely if the style is consistent to that found in the project. This project follows PEP-8 guidelines (mostly) with a column limit of 100 characters.

Reviewer: This feels a bit too informal for contributing guidelines, perhaps something more like:

> We would greatly appreciate the code submitted to be of a consistent style with other code in the project.

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

The Route class is how all routes are processed internally. This, along with `self.request` makes it possible to properly handle all ratelimits, and rarely encounter 429s. This is additionally why `channel_id` is provided as a kwarg to `Route`.

### Writing Documentation

While a new feature can be useful, it requires documentation to be useful too. When updating a class or method, we ask that you use
[sphinx directives](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-versionadded) in the docstring to note when it was added/updated, and what about it was updated.

For example, the docstring below for `pins()`.

```py
      """|coro|

      Retrieves all messages that are currently pinned in the channel.

      .. note::

          Due to a limitation with the Discord API, the :class:`.Message`
          objects returned by this method do not contain complete
          :attr:`.Message.reactions` data.

      Raises
      ------
      HTTPException
          Retrieving the pinned messages failed.

      Returns
      -------
      List[:class:`.Message`]
          The messages that are currently pinned.
      """
```

> If we were to add a new parameter to this method, we would need to add a few things to this docstring. Lets pretend we're adding a parameter, ``oldest_first``.
> 
> We use NumPy style docstrings parsed with sphinx's napoleon extension, the primary documentation for these docstrings is [here](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/napoleon.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If we were to add a new parameter to this method, a few things would need to be added to this docstring. Lets pretend we're adding a parameter, ``oldest_first``.

We use NumPy style docstrings parsed with sphinx's napoleon extension, the primary documentation for these docstrings can be found [here](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/napoleon.html).
```

If the bug report is missing this information then it'll take us longer to fix the issue. We will probably ask for clarification, and barring that if no response was given then the issue will be closed.

## Writing a Pull Request
Submitting a pull request is fairly simple, just make sure it focuses on a single aspect and doesn't manage to have scope creep and it's probably good to go.

Most attributes and data structures are broken up in to a file for each related class. For example, `disnake.Guild` is defined in [disnake/guild.py](disnake/guild.py), and `disnake.GuildPreview` is defined in [disnake/guild_preview.py](disnake/guild_preview.py). For example, writing a new feature to `disnake.Guild` would go in [disnake/guild.py](disnake/guild.py), as part of the `disnake.Guild` class.

### Adding a new API Feature

> However, adding a new feature that interfaces with the API requires also updating the [disnake/types](disnake/types) directory. We request that when making or receiving payloads from the API, they are typed and the typehints are used on the functions that are processing said data. As an example, we'll take a look at ``disnake.abc.Messageable.pins`` (defined in [disnake/abc.py](disnake/abc.py)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, adding a new feature that interfaces with the API requires also updating the [disnake/types](disnake/types) directory to match the relevant [API specifications](https://discord.com/developers/docs). We ask that when making or receiving payloads from the API, they are typed and typehints are used on the functions that are processing said data. As an example, we'll take a look at `disnake.abc.Messageable.pins` (defined in [disnake/abc.py](disnake/abc.py)).
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/b287c7c5404b798ec2598c6ae38c207fe129fa7c

```py
    async def pins(self) -> List[Message]:
        channel = await self._get_channel()
        state = self._state
        data = await state.http.pins_from(channel.id)
        return [state.create_message(channel=channel, data=m) for m in data]
```

> *docstring removed for breverity*

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/b287c7c5404b798ec2598c6ae38c207fe129fa7c

> Here we have several things occuring. First, we have typehinted the return type of this method to return a list of Messages. As disnake supports python 3.8, we must use typing imports instead of subscripting built-ins--hence the capital ``List``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here we have several things occuring. First, we have typehinted the return type of this method to return a list of Messages. As disnake supports python 3.8, we must use typing imports instead of subscripting built-ins — hence the capital ``List``.
```
emdash

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/b287c7c5404b798ec2598c6ae38c207fe129fa7c

> The next interesting thing is `self._state`. The library uses a state-centric design, which passes the state around to most objects. This is what enables edit methods and most methods on objects. Every Discord model that makes requests uses that internal state and its http attribute to make requests to the Discord API. Each endpoint is processed and defined in [disnake/http.py](disnake/http.py). This is where all of the methods are defined--and its where `pins_from` is defined too!
> 
> The source of `pins_from` is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The next interesting thing is `self._state`. The library uses a state-centric design, which passes the state around to most objects, which is what enables edit methods and most methods on objects. Every Discord model that makes requests uses that internal state and its http attribute to make requests to the Discord API. Each endpoint is processed and defined in [disnake/http.py](disnake/http.py) — and it's where `http.pins_from` is defined too, which looks like this:
```
Not sure about the "edit methods and most methods on objects" phrasing here

Author: Yeah, also not sure about that phrasing. https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/b287c7c5404b798ec2598c6ae38c207fe129fa7c

Reviewer 2: Perhaps just shorten it to `The library uses a state-centric design, which means the state is passed around to most objects.`, the next sentence already goes into further detail.

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/f0fb8b09e18f4e4b6118d1ef7c4e1feca004e197

```py
    def pins_from(self, channel_id: Snowflake) -> Response[List[message.Message]]:
        return self.request(Route("GET", "/channels/{channel_id}/pins", channel_id=channel_id))
```

This is the basic model that all API request methods follow. Define the `Route`, provide the major parameters (in this example `channel_id`), then return a call to self.request(), and finally typehints.

The `Response[]` part in this typehint is referring to `self.request`, as the important thing here is that `pins_from` is **not** a coroutine. Rather, pins_from does preprocessing and self.request does the actual work. The result from `pins_from` is awaited by `disnake.abc.Messageable.pins`.

The Route class is how all routes are processed internally. This, along with `self.request` makes it possible to properly handle all ratelimits, and rarely encounter 429s. This is additionally why `channel_id` is provided as a kwarg to `Route`.

### Writing Documentation

While a new feature can be useful, it requires documentation to be useful too. When updating a class or method, we ask that you use

> [sphinx directives](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-versionadded) in the docstring to notate when it was updated, and what about it was updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[sphinx directives](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-versionadded) in the docstring to note when it was added/updated, and what about it was updated.
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/b287c7c5404b798ec2598c6ae38c207fe129fa7c

For example, the docstring below for `pins()`.

```py
      """|coro|

      Retrieves all messages that are currently pinned in the channel.

      .. note::

          Due to a limitation with the Discord API, the :class:`.Message`
          objects returned by this method do not contain complete
          :attr:`.Message.reactions` data.

      Raises
      ------
      HTTPException
          Retrieving the pinned messages failed.

      Returns
      -------
      List[:class:`.Message`]
          The messages that are currently pinned.
      """
```

If we were to add a new parameter to this method, we would need to add a few things to this docstring. Lets pretend we're adding a parameter, ``oldest_first``.

> We use NumPy style docstrings parsed with sphinx's napoleon extension, the primary documentation for these docstrings is [here](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/napoleon.html).

Reviewer 2: Don't think linking to the napoleon docs is a good idea, since the format outlined there doesn't quite match the standards used in the library, particularly the ` : ` spacing and the lack of `:class:` directives

Author: Most of the format there *is* the same, so I think its worth it. At the very least, I learned stuff from it when I looked at it to add to these docs.

```py
      """
      ...

      Parameters
      ----------
      oldest_first: bool
          Whether to order the result by the oldest or newest pins first.

          .. versionadded:: 2.9

      ...
      """
```

It is important that the section header comes **after** any description and admonitions that exist, as it will stop the parsing of the description.

> It is also desired to put a .. versionchanged:: 2.9 directly below the section header with which parameter was changed, if the function has multiple arguments.

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/b287c7c5404b798ec2598c6ae38c207fe129fa7c

If the bug report is missing this information then it'll take us longer to fix the issue. We will probably ask for clarification, and barring that if no response was given then the issue will be closed.

> ## Writing a Pull Request
> Submitting a pull request is fairly simple, just make sure it focuses on a single aspect and doesn't manage to have scope creep and it's probably good to go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Writing a Pull Request

Submitting a pull request is fairly simple, just make sure it focuses on a single aspect and doesn't manage to have scope creep and it's probably good to go.
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/b287c7c5404b798ec2598c6ae38c207fe129fa7c

    - Please use the shorthand `#123` and not the full URL.

If you do not meet any of these guidelines, don't fret. Chances are they will be fixed upon rebasing but please do try to meet them to remove some of the workload.

> ## How do I add a new feature?<a name="first-contrib"></a>

Reviewer 2: What's up with the anchor tag here?

Author: I think it was initially used elsewhere but then removed.

It is also desired to put a ``.. versionchanged:: 2.9`` directly below the section header with which parameter was changed, if the function has multiple arguments.

The end result of these changes would be as follows:
```py
      """|coro|

      Retrieves all messages that are currently pinned in the channel.

      .. versionchanged:: 2.9

          Added the ``oldest_first`` parameter.

      .. note::

          Due to a limitation with the Discord API, the :class:`.Message`
          objects returned by this method do not contain complete
          :attr:`.Message.reactions` data.

      Parameters
      ----------
      oldest_first: bool
          Whether to order the result by the oldest or newest pins first.

          .. versionadded:: 2.9

      Raises
      ------
      HTTPException
          Retrieving the pinned messages failed.

      Returns
      -------
      List[:class:`.Message`]
          The messages that are currently pinned.
      """
  ```

*If you have trouble with adding or modifying documentation, don't be afraid to reach out!

> We understand that the documentation can be intimidating, and there's quite a few quirks and limitations to be aware of.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We understand that the documentation can be intimidating, and there are quite a few quirks and limitations to be aware of.*
```

    - Please use the shorthand `#123` and not the full URL.

If you do not meet any of these guidelines, don't fret. Chances are they will be fixed upon rebasing but please do try to meet them to remove some of the workload.

## How do I add a new feature?

Welcome! If you've made it to this point you are likely a new contributor! This section will go through how to add a new feature to disnake.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

Most attributes and data structures are broken up in to a file for each related class. For example, `disnake.Guild` is defined in [disnake/guild.py](disnake/guild.py), and `disnake.GuildPreview` is defined in [disnake/guild_preview.py](disnake/guild_preview.py). For example, writing a new feature to `disnake.Guild` would go in [disnake/guild.py](disnake/guild.py), as part of the `disnake.Guild` class.

### Adding a new API Feature

> However, adding a new feature that interfaces with the API requires also updating the [disnake/types](disnake/types) directory to match the relevant [API specifications](https://discord.com/developers/docs). We ask that when making or receiving payloads from the API, they are typed and typehints are used on the functions that are processing said data. As an example, we'll take a look at `disnake.abc.Messageable.pins` (defined in [disnake/abc.py](disnake/abc.py)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, adding a new feature that interfaces with the API requires also updating the [disnake/types](disnake/types) directory to match the relevant [API specifications](https://discord.com/developers/docs). We ask that when making or receiving payloads from the API, they are typed and typehints are used on the functions that are processing said data. For example, take a look at `disnake.abc.Messageable.pins` (defined in [disnake/abc.py](disnake/abc.py)).
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

```py
    async def pins(self) -> List[Message]:
        channel = await self._get_channel()
        state = self._state
        data = await state.http.pins_from(channel.id)
        return [state.create_message(channel=channel, data=m) for m in data]
```
*docstring removed for brevity*

Here we have several things occuring. First, we have typehinted the return type of this method to return a list of Messages. As disnake supports python 3.8, we must use typing imports instead of subscripting built-ins — hence the capital ``List``.

The next interesting thing is `self._state`. The library uses a state-centric design, which means the state is passed around to most objects.

> Every Discord model that makes requests uses that internal state and its http attribute to make requests to the Discord API. Each endpoint is processed and defined in [disnake/http.py](disnake/http.py) — and it's where `http.pins_from` is defined too, which looks like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Discord model that makes requests uses that internal state and its `http` attribute to make requests to the Discord API. Each endpoint is processed and defined in [disnake/http.py](disnake/http.py) — and it's where `http.pins_from` is defined too, which looks like this:
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

```py
    def pins_from(self, channel_id: Snowflake) -> Response[List[message.Message]]:
        return self.request(Route("GET", "/channels/{channel_id}/pins", channel_id=channel_id))
```

> This is the basic model that all API request methods follow. Define the `Route`, provide the major parameters (in this example `channel_id`), then return a call to self.request(), and finally typehints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the basic model that all API request methods follow. Define the `Route`, provide the major parameters (in this example `channel_id`), then return a call to `self.request()`, and finally typehints.
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

> The `Response[]` part in this typehint is referring to `self.request`, as the important thing here is that `pins_from` is **not** a coroutine. Rather, pins_from does preprocessing and self.request does the actual work. The result from `pins_from` is awaited by `disnake.abc.Messageable.pins`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Response[]` part in this typehint is referring to `self.request`, as the important thing here is that `pins_from` is **not** a coroutine. Rather, `pins_from` does preprocessing and `self.request` does the actual work. The result from `pins_from` is awaited by `disnake.abc.Messageable.pins`.
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

> The Route class is how all routes are processed internally. This, along with `self.request` makes it possible to properly handle all ratelimits, and rarely encounter 429s. This is additionally why `channel_id` is provided as a kwarg to `Route`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Route class is how all routes are processed internally. This, along with `self.request` makes it possible to properly handle all ratelimits, and rarely encounter 429s. This is why `channel_id` is provided as a kwarg to `Route`.
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

#### Writing Documentation

While a new feature can be useful, it requires documentation to be useful too. When updating a class or method, we ask that you use

> [sphinx directives](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-versionadded) in the docstring to note when it was added/updated, and what about it was updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Sphinx directives](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-versionadded) in the docstring to note when it was added or updated, and what about it was updated.
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

> For example, the docstring below for `pins()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, here is the docstring `pins()`:
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

```py
      """|coro|

      Retrieves all messages that are currently pinned in the channel.

      .. note::

          Due to a limitation with the Discord API, the :class:`.Message`
          objects returned by this method do not contain complete
          :attr:`.Message.reactions` data.

      Raises
      ------
      HTTPException
          Retrieving the pinned messages failed.

      Returns
      -------
      List[:class:`.Message`]
          The messages that are currently pinned.
      """
```

If we were to add a new parameter to this method, a few things would need to be added to this docstring. Lets pretend we're adding a parameter, ``oldest_first``.

> We use NumPy style docstrings parsed with sphinx's napoleon extension, the primary documentation for these docstrings can be found [here](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/napoleon.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use NumPy style docstrings parsed with Sphinx's Napoleon extension, the primary documentation for these docstrings can be found [here](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/napoleon.html).
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

```py
      """
      ...

      Parameters
      ----------
      oldest_first: bool
          Whether to order the result by the oldest or newest pins first.

          .. versionadded:: 2.9

      ...
      """
```

It is important that the section header comes **after** any description and admonitions that exist, as it will stop the parsing of the description.

It is also desired to put a ``.. versionchanged:: 2.9`` directly below the section header with which parameter was changed, if the function has multiple arguments.

> The end result of these changes would be as follows:
> ```py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The end result of these changes would be as follows:

```py
```

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/53893b007b09347b459d13c295552bd7fc6d37e5

Most attributes and data structures are broken up in to a file for each related class. For example, `disnake.Guild` is defined in [disnake/guild.py](disnake/guild.py), and `disnake.GuildPreview` is defined in [disnake/guild_preview.py](disnake/guild_preview.py). For example, writing a new feature to `disnake.Guild` would go in [disnake/guild.py](disnake/guild.py), as part of the `disnake.Guild` class.

### Adding a new API Feature

However, adding a new feature that interfaces with the API requires also updating the [disnake/types](disnake/types) directory to match the relevant [API specifications](https://discord.com/developers/docs). We ask that when making or receiving payloads from the API, they are typed and typehints are used on the functions that are processing said data. For example, take a look at `disnake.abc.Messageable.pins` (defined in [disnake/abc.py](disnake/abc.py)).

```py
    async def pins(self) -> List[Message]:
        channel = await self._get_channel()
        state = self._state
        data = await state.http.pins_from(channel.id)
        return [state.create_message(channel=channel, data=m) for m in data]
```
*docstring removed for brevity*

> Here we have several things occuring. First, we have typehinted the return type of this method to return a list of Messages. As disnake supports python 3.8, we must use typing imports instead of subscripting built-ins — hence the capital ``List``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here we have several things occuring. First, we have annotated the return type of this method to return a list of `Message`s. As disnake supports Python 3.8, we use typing imports instead of subscripting built-ins — hence the capital ``List``.
```

The next interesting thing is `self._state`. The library uses a state-centric design, which means the state is passed around to most objects.
Every Discord model that makes requests uses that internal state and its `http` attribute to make requests to the Discord API. Each endpoint is processed and defined in [disnake/http.py](disnake/http.py) — and it's where `http.pins_from` is defined too, which looks like this:

```py
    def pins_from(self, channel_id: Snowflake) -> Response[List[message.Message]]:
        return self.request(Route("GET", "/channels/{channel_id}/pins", channel_id=channel_id))
```

> This is the basic model that all API request methods follow. Define the `Route`, provide the major parameters (in this example `channel_id`), then return a call to `self.request()`, and finally typehints.
> 
> The `Response[]` part in this typehint is referring to `self.request`, as the important thing here is that `pins_from` is **not** a coroutine. Rather, `pins_from` does preprocessing and `self.request` does the actual work. The result from `pins_from` is awaited by `disnake.abc.Messageable.pins`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is the basic model that all API request methods follow. Define the `Route`, provide the major parameters (in this example `channel_id`), then return a call to `self.request()`.

The `Response[]` part in the typehint is referring to `self.request`, as the important thing here is that `pins_from` is **not** a coroutine. Rather, `pins_from` does preprocessing and `self.request` does the actual work. The result from `pins_from` is awaited by `disnake.abc.Messageable.pins`.
```

> The Route class is how all routes are processed internally. This, along with `self.request` makes it possible to properly handle all ratelimits, and rarely encounter 429s. This is why `channel_id` is provided as a kwarg to `Route`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Route class is how all routes are processed internally. Along with `self.request`, this makes it possible to properly handle all ratelimits. This is why `channel_id` is provided as a kwarg to `Route`, as it is considered a major parameter for ratelimit handling.
```

#### Writing Documentation

> While a new feature can be useful, it requires documentation to be useful too. When updating a class or method, we ask that you use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While a new feature can be useful, it requires documentation to be usable by everyone. When updating a class or method, we ask that you use
```

[Sphinx directives](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/directives.html#directive-versionadded) in the docstring to note when it was added or updated, and what about it was updated.

For example, here is the docstring for `pins()`:

```py
      """|coro|

      Retrieves all messages that are currently pinned in the channel.

      .. note::

          Due to a limitation with the Discord API, the :class:`.Message`
          objects returned by this method do not contain complete
          :attr:`.Message.reactions` data.

      Raises
      ------
      HTTPException
          Retrieving the pinned messages failed.

      Returns
      -------
      List[:class:`.Message`]
          The messages that are currently pinned.
      """
```

If we were to add a new parameter to this method, a few things would need to be added to this docstring. Lets pretend we're adding a parameter, ``oldest_first``.

> We use NumPy style docstrings parsed with Sphinx's Napoleon extension, the primary documentation for these docstrings can be found [here](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/napoleon.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use NumPy style docstrings parsed with Sphinx's Napoleon extension — the primary documentation for these docstrings can be found [here](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/napoleon.html).
```

```py
      """
      ...

      Parameters
      ----------
      oldest_first: bool
          Whether to order the result by the oldest or newest pins first.

          .. versionadded:: 2.9

      ...
      """
```

It is important that the section header comes **after** any description and admonitions that exist, as it will stop the parsing of the description.

> It is also desired to put a ``.. versionchanged:: 2.9`` directly below the section header with which parameter was changed, if the function has multiple arguments.

Reviewer 2: Not sure about this, this doesn't match what we've been doing previously.. one directive is enough.

Author: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/601/commits/afe032dce0ca1800f503654063f908d093c16f58

The end result of these changes would be as follows:

```py
      """|coro|

      Retrieves all messages that are currently pinned in the channel.

      .. versionchanged:: 2.9

          Added the ``oldest_first`` parameter.

      .. note::

          Due to a limitation with the Discord API, the :class:`.Message`
          objects returned by this method do not contain complete
          :attr:`.Message.reactions` data.

      Parameters
      ----------
      oldest_first: bool
          Whether to order the result by the oldest or newest pins first.

          .. versionadded:: 2.9

      Raises
      ------
      HTTPException
          Retrieving the pinned messages failed.

      Returns
      -------
      List[:class:`.Message`]
          The messages that are currently pinned.
      """
  ```

> *If you have trouble with adding or modifying documentation, don't be afraid to reach out!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*If you're having trouble with adding or modifying documentation, don't be afraid to reach out!
```
